Add docker compose example and docs for KoP standalone (#1044)
streamnative/kop: docs/kop.md

        This is another message
        ```

### Run KoP in Docker

> KoP is a built-in component in StreamNative's `sn-pulsar` image, whose tag matches KoP's version. Take KoP 2.9.1.1 for example, you can run

Reviewer: you can change it to the followings:

Take KoP 2.9.1.1 for example, you can execute the `docker compose up` command in the KoP project......

```bash

> docker compose up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
docker-compose up
```

```

> in the KoP project directory to start a Pulsar standalone with KoP enabled. The KoP has a single advertised listener `127.0.0.1:19092`, so you should use Kafka's CLI tool to connect KoP like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the KoP project directory to start a Pulsar standalone with KoP being enabled. KoP has a single advertised listener `127.0.0.1:19092`, so you should use Kafka's CLI tool to connect KoP, as shown below:
```

```bash
$ ./bin/kafka-console-producer.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:19092 --topic my-topic                 
>hello
>world
>^C                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $ ./bin/kafka-console-consumer.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:19092 --topic my-topic --from-beginning
hello
world
^CProcessed a total of 2 messages
```

See [docker-compose.yml](../docker-compose.yml) for more details.

> It's similar to configure KoP in a cluster started in Docker. You only need to add the environment varialble whose prefix is `PULSAR_PREFIX_` and ensure `bin/apply-config-from-env.py conf/broker.conf` is executed before `bin/pulsar broker`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to configuring KoP in a cluster that is started in Docker, you only need to add the environment variable whose prefix is `PULSAR_PREFIX_` and ensure to execute `bin/apply-config-from-env.py conf/broker.conf` before executing `bin/pulsar broker`.
```

# How to use KoP

You can configure and manage KoP based on your requirements. Check the following guides for more details.

> > **NOTE**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
```

Author: I think we already used `**NOTE**` in other documents, see https://github.com/streamnative/kop/blob/master/docs/configuration.md. So we should keep the same document style.

>

> > Following links are invalid when you're reading this document in master branch from Github. You can go to the same chapter of [README.md](../README.md) for the correct links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following links are invalid when you check this document in the `master` branch from GitHub. You can go to the same chapter of the [README](../README.md) for the correct links.
```
